it is full of my personal experiences
it's kind of like pop memoir I guess
because it's got all my like experiences
about being a stripper and a promo girl
and having eating disorders and just
snippets about my life and breast
implants and everything like that
because I've lived through this you know
I've been through this and I am sick to
death of being bullied you know by
corporations it's just everywhere
everywhere you go now we go on Instagram
and there's this is a fake
representations of how you should be as
a woman you know we've got huge asses
and huge lips and you know cosmetically
enhanced everything now you know there's
nothing really natural left
[Music]
when you talk about construction
how much does their evolution cost 35
u.s. dollars $35 per copy not even
printed on paper this is a printout okay
it is an e-book this is just a physical
printout that I did myself because I
wanted to get my hands on it but a
physical version will come in future 35
US dollars just sent to you as a PDF you
know it's just we are not here to be
like a boys fantasy that's not what
women are here on this planet that's
what you got to remember you're not here
on this planet to be a boy's fantasy
there are so much more depth to you and
you need to embrace it and this is the
first step this is going to help you do
that for sure how do you feel then that
literally your physical personal image
becomes an advantage or a disadvantage
as an activist in getting that message
across when I was 24 I would have been
very offended at what you just said in
another time 46 I'm very flattered
that's good in the beauty myth and for
those of you who you know have been
asleep since 1993 or you know didn't get
date of feminists in college who made
you read it the beauty myth is a book
that argued that there's intense
cultural not even personal coercion on
women to live up to certain physical
standards that are set not by you know
men but by Madison Avenue for really a
corporate and capitalist reasons and it
doesn't argue that it looks don't matter
it argues that women shouldn't be
coerced and they shouldn't be hired and
fired on the basis of their appearance
they shouldn't be you know jeopardized
by cosmetic surgeons who don't want to
disclose the dangers for profit this
will cost you thirteen forty nine or
less you know part of what I wanted to
make possible was a world in which women
could look however they look the way men
do and be judged on their merit
then at that time
[Music]